-------
Genre:
-------
The game's genre will be a Role Playing Game.

-------
its consumer tempting, ear popping, name and a brief back story (or the game's epic challenge):
-------
Title: 
Kanye's Quest for the Ultralight Beam

Backstory: 
Kanye, the game's main character, is a college student struggling with identity.  Disinterested in his school work and tired of his
creativity being suppressed, Kanye longed to break free from the constraints society placed on him and pursue life and music on his own terms.
However, dropping out of school terrified young Kanye.  What if he failed? Or, possibly more terrifying, what if he didn't? Who could he trust?
Could he ever have real friends? Would the money change him? Would he forget where he came from? (nahhhhh, nah nah nah)

One day, Kanye decides enough is enough, and drops out of college.  Angry, fearful, excited, Kanye embarks on an epic quest to find purpose in
life -- to find his ultralight beam where life is as wonderful as he had always wanted it to be.

-------
its goal (how to win the game or advance levels):
-------
The game begins with Kanye leaving college.  His first step must be to drop out of college into the Unknown.  This action happens by Kanye
literally falling off the college grounds down into the unknown. Once in the unknown, he will 
encounter various enemies such as paparazzi and a (greed) Monster.  If he succeeds in dodging the paparazzi and defeating the monster, he
will progress to the Club through a portal.  Here, he will have to dodge various haterz (such as Taylor Swift) who are trying to block his path.  
Once he finds Kim, they are magically transported to the Ultralight Beam, which they ride up on Kanye's motorcycle. Once they reach the source 
of the Ultralight Beam, Kanye's journey is complete -- he wins the game, as he's finally found his Ultralight Beam. 

-------
its basic mechanics (how to play the game), and how its levels or modes differ:
-------
Throughout the College and the Unknown levels, a player will control Kanye using arrow keys to move him left and right along the scene.  He will be
able to jump, run, and sling bars to fight enemies. These actions will be controlled by button presses.  Thus, this portion of the game will be controlled
like a side-scroller.  Enemies will be designed to follow Kanye, and perhaps even sling hate his direction to hurt his health.  If he loses too 
many health points, then he dies and is sent back to the beginning of the game. Once he makes it past the paparazzi and monster, he will reach 
a hub that will take him to the next level.

In the club scene, Kanye now may move left, right, up, or down.  He has no way to attack the haters here -- he can only dodge them with careful 
maneuvering. Enemies here will be moving back and forth across the screen and varying speeds and angles.  Kanye's goal here will be to dodge the enemies.
Getting hit by them will decrease his health.  If he loses too many health points, he will be sent back to the beginning of the club. Once he makes
it to Kim, he and Kim are transported to the ultralight beam, and the mission is complete.

